I get lots of personal satisfaction from my job. Of course the salary
is no joke I make decent money, enough to live and enough to support
myself, but the skills that they provide they really go pretty far.
Whenever I mention the type of work that I do, people's eyes light
up and it makes me really proud of being able to say that I work with
nuclear technology. Other sources of pride come in the fact that it's
not everybody that can actually push an aircraft carrier through
the water and I can actually say that my hands touched something that
made this huge multibillion dollar piece of equipment go through
the water to fight a war. It was me. If I push it twisted this way it
would've stopped or did it this way it goes fast. So that's a once
in a lifetime experience and adventure.